docs: add new tutorial unit two (#3298)
refinedev/refine: documentation/docs/tutorial/1-getting-started/antd/2-create-project.md

For the rest of this tutorial, you can use the terminal within VS Code instead of your computer's terminal.

### Running refine in dev mode

To preview your project as a web page while you work on it, the project must be running in development (dev) mode.

#### Start the dev server

1- To start the dev server, run the following command in your terminal:

<Tabs
defaultValue="npm"
values={[ {label: 'npm', value: 'npm'}, {label: 'pnpm', value: 'pnpm'}, {label: 'yarn', value: 'yarn'} ]}>

<TabItem value="npm">

```bash
npm run dev
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="pnpm">

```bash
pnpm run dev
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="yarn">

```bash
yarn run dev
```

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

You should see confirmation in the terminal that the **refine** app is running in dev mode.

### Viewing a preview of your website

Your project files contain all the code you need to run your app. To see a preview of your app in the browser:

1- Click on the `localhost:3000` link in the terminal. This will open a new browser tab with your website.

(**refine** uses port 3000 by default)

> 

Reviewer: Here you can explain something like, why is the welcome page is rendered and what we'll do in the next section to make app interactive.

    next: tutorial/getting-started/{preferredUI}/generate-crud-pages
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## Launch the refine CLI setup

The easiest way to create a new project is to use the **refine CLI**. This tool will help you get started quickly by generating a new project with a basic configuration and a folder structure that follows best practices.

1- Launch your terminal and type the following command using your preferred package manager:

<Tabs
defaultValue="npm"
values={[ {label: 'npm', value: 'npm'}, {label: 'pnpm', value: 'pnpm'}, {label: 'yarn', value: 'yarn'} ]}>

<TabItem value="npm">

```bash

> # create a new project with npm

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
We can delete this comment

npm create refine-app@latest -- -o refine-antd tutorial
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="pnpm">

```bash
# create a new project with pnpm
pnpm create refine-app@latest -- -o refine-antd tutorial
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="yarn">

```bash
# create a new project with yarn
yarn create refine-app -- -o refine-antd tutorial
```

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

2- Confirm `y` to installation of `create-refine-app`

> 3- The `-o refine-antd` flag in the command above tells the CLI to install the project with the `refine-antd` preset. This preset selects some options for you in accordance with this tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3- We are using `-o refine-antd` flag to bootstrap the app with pre-selected CLI options. The tutorial will proceed according to these selections. 
```

> 4- The CLI will ask if you agree to share your selection anonymously with the **refine** team. You can choose whatever you prefer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4-The CLI will ask if you agree to share your choices anonymously with the **refine** team. This is for measuring community preferences. You are free to share or not.
```

### Open your project in VS Code

1- Open Visual Studio Code and select the directory that was generated during your setup process.

2- Make sure the terminal is open and ready to run commands. You can open it by pressing `Ctrl + J`(Windows) or `Cmd ⌘ + J`(macOS).

For the rest of this tutorial, you can use the terminal within VS Code instead of your computer's terminal.

### Running refine in dev mode

To preview your project as a web page while you work on it, the project must be running in development (dev) mode.

#### Start the dev server

1- To start the dev server, run the following command in your terminal:

<Tabs
defaultValue="npm"
values={[ {label: 'npm', value: 'npm'}, {label: 'pnpm', value: 'pnpm'}, {label: 'yarn', value: 'yarn'} ]}>

<TabItem value="npm">

```bash
npm run dev
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="pnpm">

```bash
pnpm run dev
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="yarn">

```bash
yarn run dev
```

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

You should see confirmation in the terminal that the **refine** app is running in dev mode.

### Viewing a preview of your website

> Your project files contain all the code you need to run your website. To see a preview of your website in the browser:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your project files contain all the code you need to run your app. To see a preview of your app in the browser:
```

Reviewer: Maybe it's better to use "app" instead of website?
